# turtle-zero
Collection of non-academic ideas about decentralisation / models of self-sufficient autonomy  / mathmatics of truth
A modern world requires  good modern ideas that survive through generations and can´t be abused. Anything invented in history so far, no matter how good its initial intentions or how vital its build, quite anything has been abused at one point or a nother. Yet, for a few reasons we can not abandon any of our inventions. But must learn to recognize how to handle them. If all nuclear plants would to be closed immidiatly, one could not just abandon the sites and the topic. Mankind will still require to educate future generations about the technology and how to handle. The same will be with the oil and plastic industry when shut down or run out of resources, the microplastic will not remove itself naturally from the ocean. Future generations will not hide and/or abandon any discoveries, avoiding the risk of abuse. Transpenancy and limitation are keys for future outcome and sustainability of a multiple population of todays world. Independant from existing and to come hazards, cleaning up the polution and destruction from the failed technologies of the last two centuries will, even with an oversized compliment of machines of all kinds, provide according jobs. My "turtle" workshop idea emphasizes qualities such as followed. 1. Only natural materials should be used for all builds/inventions/products; Any arteficial material technology - such as plastic - should be replaced or avoided. Ultimatly timed. 2. Products that are not consumed on use will be designed to last more than one human lifespan. Renewable resources prime. 3. Science and mathmatics will evaluate the true price of any technology or product including its longterm influence on the the entire envirnomnet (our habitat/solar-system). 4. Transparancy (not in private) in production to all and from all. Well shared and limited resources from all and to all. A single individual can not accumulate or consume more than so much. An shared wealth accumulates more wealth, according to nature. 5. Priorities must be defined. Conflicts debated. Wars end. Starvation ends. Missconceptions end. 6. Education is set free. More educated poeple will stabilze a free world with faith.   ### I would like to build a workshop, in real life as in the virtual world. An example is a game I heard of, where one is able to build a virtual pc with virtual copies of real components. It should have the properties to allow building anything from scrath from virtual copies of natural materials - like smelting metal or glas - to craft anything up to the size of a ship. A virtual DIY-WARF. Possibly some of what I´m looking for already exists. ### This is the content of the README.md of turtle-zero repository
